Uploading migration guide and updating README with blog post link (#13159)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-net: sdk/storage/Azure.Storage.Blobs/migrationGuides/AzureStorageNetMigrationV12.md

> # Guide for migrating to Azure.Storage.Blobs from Microsoft.Azure.Storage.Blob

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Migration Guide: From Microsoft.Azure.Storage.Blob to Azure.Storage.Blobs
```

This guide intends to assist customers in migrating from version 11 of the Azure Storage .NET library for Blobs to version 12.
It will focus on side-by-side comparisons for similar operations between the v12 package, [`Azure.Storage.Blobs`](https://www.nuget.org/packages/Azure.Storage.Blobs) and v11 package, [`Microsoft.Azure.Storage.Blob`](https://www.nuget.org/packages/Microsoft.Azure.Storage.Blob/).

> Familiarity with the v11 client library is assumed. For those new to the Azure Storage Blobs client library for .NET, please refer to the [Quickstart](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/storage/blobs/storage-quickstart-blobs-dotnet) for the v12 library rather than this guide.

Reviewer: Remove en-us

## Table of contents

- [Migration benefits](#migration-benefits)
- [General changes](#general-changes)
  - [Authentication](#authentication)
  - [Package and namespaces](#package-and-namespaces)
  - [Client hierarchy](#client-hierarchy)
  - [Client constructors](#client-constructors)
- [Migration samples](#migration-samples)
  - [Creating a Container](#creating-a-container)
  - [Uploading Blobs to a Container](#uploading-blobs-to-a-container)
  - [Downloading Blobs from a Container](#downloading-blobs-from-a-container)
  - [Listing Blobs in a Container](#listing-blobs-in-a-container)
  - [Other](#other)
- [Additional samples](#additional-samples)

## Migration benefits

To understand why we created our version 12 client libraries, you may refer to the Tech Community blog post, [Announcing the Azure Storage v12 Client Libraries](https://techcommunity.microsoft.com/t5/azure-storage/announcing-the-azure-storage-v12-client-libraries/ba-p/1482394).

> In summary, the v12 client libraries for Azure Storage were created in order to address a number of areas of feedback. One of the most important being that Azure services have not been consistent in organization, naming, and API structure. Azure Storage has aligned with a set of common guidelines in order to focus on quick delivery of service features and to optimize the learning curve that comes with using the libraries. They are idiomatic, approachable, and consistent. The version 12 client libraries are also thread safe, offer both synchronous and asynchronous APIs, and have improved performance over previous versions. We have reached feature parity for major scenarios and have updated documentation featuring the v12 [Quickstart](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/storage/blobs/storage-quickstart-blobs-dotnet), [Samples](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/storage/common/storage-samples-dotnet?toc=/azure/storage/blobs/toc.json), and [Reference](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/api/azure.storage.blobs?view=azure-dotnet) pages (for .NET Azure Storage Blob Library).

Reviewer: Consider linking to intro video "Introducing the new Azure SDKs" https://aka.ms/azsdk/intro

Note: The blog post linked above announces deprecation for previous versions of the library.

## General changes

### Package and namespaces

Package names and the namespaces root for version 12 Azure client libraries follow the pattern `Azure.[Area].[Service]` where the legacy libraries followed the pattern `Microsoft.Azure.[Area].[Service]`.

In this case, to install the legacy v11 package with Nuget:
```
dotnet add package Azure.Storage.Blobs
```

It is now the following for v12:
```
dotnet add package Microsoft.Azure.Storage.Blob
```

### Authentication

#### Managed Identity

Legacy (v11)

TODO

> v12

Reviewer: You could link to the docs for now.

[//]: # (Parsing the connection string in v11 vs v12.....)

Legacy (v11)
```c
string connectionString = Environment.GetEnvironmentVariable("AZURE_STORAGE_CONNECTION_STRING");

// Check whether the connection string can be parsed.
CloudStorageAccount storageAccount;
if (CloudStorageAccount.TryParse(storageConnectionString, out storageAccount))
{
    // If the connection string is valid, proceed with operations against Blob
    // storage here.
}
else
{
    // Otherwise, user needs to define the environment variable.
}
```

v12
```c
string connectionString = Environment.GetEnvironmentVariable("AZURE_STORAGE_CONNECTION_STRING");

// Create a client that can authenticate with a connection string
BlobServiceClient service = new BlobServiceClient(connectionString);

// Make a service request to verify we've successfully authenticated
await service.GetPropertiesAsync();
```

### Shared Access Policies

TODO

### Client hierarchy

In the interest of simplifying the API surface we've made a three top level clients that can be used to interact with a majority of your resources: `BlobServiceClient`, `BlobContainerClient`, and `BlobClient`.

> [//]: # (Blob Metadata, properties, and attributes...)

Reviewer 2: Is this going to pull in some external articles? Given that changes associated with metadata/properties/attributes are breaking changes, this is the meat of the upgrade document.

### Client constructors

| In v11 | In v12 |
|-------|--------|
| `CloudStorageAccount` | `BlobServiceClient` |
| `CloudBlobContainer`  | `BlobContainerClient` |
| `CloudBlobClient` | `BlobClient` |
| `CloudBlockBlob` | `BlockBlobClient` |

## Migration Samples

### Creating a Container

v11
```c
// Create the CloudBlobClient that represents the Blob storage endpoint for the storage account.
CloudBlobClient cloudBlobClient = storageAccount.CreateCloudBlobClient();

CloudBlobContainer cloudBlobContainer =
    cloudBlobClient.GetContainerReference("yourcontainer");
await cloudBlobContainer.CreateAsync();
```

v12
```c
// Create a BlobServiceClient object which will be used to create a container client
BlobServiceClient blobServiceClient = new BlobServiceClient(connectionString);

// Create a unique name for the container
string containerName = "yourcontainer";

// Create the container and return a container client object
BlobContainerClient containerClient = await blobServiceClient.CreateBlobContainerAsync(containerName);
```

> Summary: In version 11, you would have to use the storage account endpoint to create the `CloudBlobClient`. Then you can get the container reference by calling the `GetContainerReference` method and create it by calling `CreateAsync()` on it. In version 12, you will use the `BlobServiceClient` object to then create `BlobContainerClient`.

Reviewer 2: I am not sure what value this summary adds other than describing in sentences what the code above just did.
If you feel the summary is necessary, please reduce it to the important information only. E.g.

```suggestion
Summary: In v11 a `CloudBlobClient` was required to get a reference to the desired blob container. In v12 the intermediate step ` cloudBlobClient.GetContainerReference("yourcontainer")` was removed.
```

### Uploading Blobs to a Container

v11
```c
// Assumes cloudBlobContainer already contains a reference to the container.
// filename is the intended blob name as a string
// localFilePath should be the path to the local file you want to upload

// Get a reference to the blob address, then upload the file to the blob.
CloudBlockBlob cloudBlockBlob = cloudBlobContainer.GetBlockBlobReference(filename);
await cloudBlockBlob.UploadFromFileAsync(localFilePath);
```

v12
```c
// Assumes containerClient already contains a reference to the container.
// filename is the intended blob name as a string
// localFilePath should be the path to the local file you want to upload

// Get a reference to a blob
BlobClient blobClient = containerClient.GetBlobClient(filename);

// Open the file and upload its data
using FileStream uploadFileStream = File.OpenRead(localFilePath);
await blobClient.UploadAsync(uploadFileStream, overwrite: true);
uploadFileStream.Close();
```

> Summary: In v11, you would get the `CloudBlockBlob` reference by calling the `GetBlockBlobReference` method on the container name. Calling `UploadFromFileAsync` would then create the blob if it doesn't exist or overwrite the existing one. In v12, you will get the reference to the `BlobClient` object  by calling the `GetBlobClient` method on the container and then upload the blob using the `UploadAsync` method.

Reviewer 2: Same as above

```suggestion
Summary: In v11 a file path was used to upload a blob. In v12 `Stream` is used to upload a blob's content.
```

### Downloading Blobs from a Container

Legacy (v11)
```c
// Assumes you have already created a reference to the blob via blobClient
// downloadFilePath should be the path to the intended file to download the blob to
await cloudBlockBlob.DownloadToFileAsync(downloadFilePath, FileMode.Create);
```

v12
```c
// Assumes you have already created a reference to the blob via blobClient
// downloadFilePath should be the path to the intended file to download the blob to
BlobDownloadInfo download = await blobClient.DownloadAsync();

> using (FileStream downloadFileStream = File.OpenWrite(downloadFilePath))
> {
>     await download.Content.CopyToAsync(downloadFileStream);
>     downloadFileStream.Close();
> }

Reviewer 2: using will invoke IDispose that will call .Close()

```suggestion
using (FileStream downloadFileStream = File.OpenWrite(downloadFilePath))
{
    await download.Content.CopyToAsync(downloadFileStream);
}
```

alternatively,

```
await using FileStream downloadFileStream = File.OpenWrite(downloadFilePath);
await download.Content.CopyToAsync(downloadFileStream);
```
